hey everybody this is lana from
pleasantly perplexed i'm the creator of
creature height and will be the creator
of love like winter when that eventually
gets released and I this is my second
video blog and I just want to check in
with you guys and give you some inside
details about creature hi and love like
winter basically I'm just going to
answer some of the most common comments
I've been receiving lately about
creature high and the liquid dirt um
because even though while I don't
respond to everything I do read
everything and think about it I'm just
I'm one of those people that like I read
something and I'm like always you back
to that person and then I go do
something else and I can fully forget
about it so I'm going to answer some
things now that I remember a lot of you
guys are wondering what love like winter
is about and I keep avoiding answering
that because it's really hard to explain
the premise of it because kind of
complicated but I'm going to do it right
now so basically the story takes place
in this kind of other dimension kind of
thing not really in our world but very
similar and it's this vaguely victorian
era setting place and then the setting
is this territory called Ashcroft and
it's ruled by a Duke and Duchess and
their family and everything and
territory is broken up into townships
and each Township is ruled by
dignitaries and every ten years all of
the dignitaries come and spend the
winter at the Dukes mansion and have the
December underground festivity and the
deal is that at the end of it
this evil sorceress lady who lives in
the woods name is murder has to come in
and kill somebody and so one year the
Duke decides I don't want anyone die
because I'm invest do cover or whatever
and so he gets his other sorcerers to go
out and make a spell around their
mansion so that Miss murder can't commit
but Miss murder getzen and she's really
pissed so she kills everyone they're
like she's supposed to just the one she
killed everybody the only survivors are
the Dukes 12 year old son and his sister
so then love like winter takes place 10
years later at the next December
underground when the boy who witnessed
his parents being murdered is now the
Duke of Ashcroft and all the dignitaries
are very young because their parents are
dead and these people are coming of age
now and they all have intertwining
secrets and are threatening to out each
other and have to spend the winter
together so I want that video to come
out really nice so um probably already
thought I like august maybe mid august
maybe late August because each it's
gonna be a miniseries in five parts and
each part is like 30 pages and that's a
lot of content it's gonna run
featurelength like a movie in the end
when it's all done so I want to do it
well so it'll be a while where that
comes out um but I'm not here to talk
about like winter I have some questions
about creature high but for my last poll
I asked what everyone thought about Max
lean max
Marlene and I got a lot of really mixed
reactions like a lot of people are
really excited about it and then an
equal number of people think it's a bad
idea which I was really surprised about
so I have some questions for you guys so
the people who don't like Maxim Arlene
don't like it because they think
creature high is different and it
doesn't focus on romance and teen
problems like that which is something I
strove for with it and they think that
um the romance and stuff will make it
more like a teen drama which I totally
understand because i'm not i'm not a
teen drama person like i made creature
high because i wanted something that was
driven by action adventure but star
females and had a very small male
presence and so I'm happy that I've
achieved that and I have a strong fan
base of people who appreciate that but I
also like Max and Marlene so I'm going
to get your opinion on what i should do
for her season two so so first of all if
I added more boys to the show with that
being good thing or a bad thing and what
next do you think Maxim Arlene would
hurt the show if you don't say why if
you do so either you absolutely think
they should get together and this is
life or if you think that it could be
handled a certain way and the show won't
be ruined what do you how do you think
we can go about that what do you think
about the other girls eventually getting
boyfriends um do you think Clara getting
a boyfriend's a good idea or fea or
blind
and if you do you think any of those
other characters should have boyfriends
say below what kind of person you think
they would attract and how it should be
handled so that the story can stay you
know an empowering story about females
who kick ass so that's basically it I
just want to hear you guys opinion about
this because I was surprised how many
people enjoy what Maksym or lean to get
together I thought it's been like seven
episodes and there's no romance so I
thought people would be really excited
about it so I get back to me I'm very
anxious to hear what you guys have to
say and creature height this episode's a
little late i'm waiting on voices don't
worry i'm still working on it I keep
seeing people saying things like please
don't stop the show and I don't know
where anyone will get that notion
because I have no intention of stopping
anytime soon I have plans for this might
scare my actors I have plans for four
seasons of creature hi to follow them
all the way through school so and there
are things that I want people you know
to see someday
so I'm I have full intentions to stick
with this and tell the very end um I
hope I get that episode to you soon and
seasons the end of the seasons not far
off were working on the fan fiction
contest everyone else is there to talk
about I don't know oh yeah so thanks for
watching thank you for my 800
subscribers I'm so excited about that
like it's surreal how many people
actually like the show because I still
hopefully people will actually watch it
uh and what do you guys think cuz we're
getting closer to a thousand i see
people do challenges and stuff to reward
people for getting a thousand
subscribers and stuff like that so when
i get to a thousand what should i do
what do you guys think i'll do most
things like in this thing's like tribute
told you anything but um I saw like
vintage love and salt pepper Sims like
dressed up like boys and hit on a girl I
don't think I do have but yeah I'm just
from what you want me to do I will stop
talking my roommate cat is going berserk
in here I don't know if you can hear
that he is just the most vile creature
on the earth I'm sorry if you can hear
him running around
anyways I love you guys so much and
thanks for the nomination for the
subscribe I saw that I'm excited about
it vote for us and thank you love you
bye